feat(plugin): add degradation switch for ext-plugin (#5897)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/ext-plugin-pre-req.md

| Name      | Type          | Requirement | Default    | Valid                                                                    | Description                                                                                                                                         |
| --------- | ------------- | ----------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| conf     | array        | optional    |              | [{"name": "ext-plugin-A", "value": "{\"enable\":\"feature\"}"}] |     The plugins list which will be executed at the plugin runner with their configuration    |

> | allow_degradation              | boolean  | optional                                | false       |                                                                     | Whether to enable plugin degradation when the ext-plugin-pre-req function is temporarily unavailable. Allow requests to continue when the value is set to true, default false. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| allow_degradation              | boolean  | optional                                | false       |                                                                     | Whether to enable plugin degradation when the plugin runner is temporarily unavailable. Allow requests to continue when the value is set to true, default false. |
```
